---
layout: default
id: opensource
title: Open-Source Software - Madriska Media Group, Inc.
heading: Open-Source Software
---

At Madriska, we are strong believers in the power of "open-source software":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open-source_software, or "OSS". Open-source software is software that is made freely available for use and modification. Through the use of open-source software, we are able to leverage the involvement of a community of developers for our clients' applications. Many of our developers manage open-source projects or contribute to them regularly.

Madriska is involved in open source in several ways:


h2. We write open-source software.

Through the course of our work, we often come across bits of functionality that can be extracted and released as open source. When possible, we release this software on "our Github page":http://github.com/madriska. Highlights include:

* "Prawn/Security":http://github.com/madriska/prawn-security, a module for the Ruby PDF library "Prawn":http://prawn.majesticseacreature.com/ that adds encryption, password-protection, and permissions to generated PDFs.

* "uom":http://github.com/madriska/uom, a Ruby library that helps represent physical units of measure and measurements.

* "GangstaWrap":http://github.com/madriska/gangsta_wrap, a nascent Ruby implementation of "Knuth-Plass":http://defoe.sourceforge.net/folio/knuth-plass.html linebreaking (as seen in TeX).

* "Pathfinder":http://github.com/madriska/pathfinder, software to find shortest paths and distances through 2-dimensional floorplans or maps.

* "visilibity-ruby":http://github.com/madriska/visilibity-ruby, Ruby bindings to the "VisiLibity":http://www.visilibity.org/ library for computing visibility in 2-dimensional maps.

Our developers and contractors also share code on Github on our personal pages: "Brad":http://github.com/bradediger, "Greg":http://github.com/sandal, "Jeremy":http://github.com/jlw, "Jordan":http://github.com/jordanbyron.


h2. We contribute to the community.

In addition to the greenfield software that we release through the course of our work, we also contribute back to the projects that we use. Our developers contribute to projects such as "Prawn":http://prawn.majesticseacreature.com/, "Ruby Reports":http://www.rubyreports.org/, "Ruby on Rails":http://rubyonrails.org/, and a whole host of other projects.

Our team includes two technical authors. Brad Ediger wrote "Advanced Rails":http://oreilly.com/catalog/9780596510329, about the Ruby on Rails web framework. Gregory Brown wrote "Ruby Best Practices":http://rubybestpractices.com/, a very well-received title for experienced Ruby developers. Both Brad and Greg have experience as technical communicators, including writing online articles, performing technical review of books, and teaching live trainings on the Ruby language.



h2. We use open-source software.

Like practically every other company in our industry, we make extensive use of open-source software. The Linux operating system that runs our servers; the Ruby language and Ruby on Rails web framework that powers most of our applications; literally hundreds of third-party libraries that we use in the course of our work--it's hard to find a part of our stack that _isn't_ open source.

